This is the world I've seen.
You'll stand next to me as if upon an heaven.
Ah, this is our afterlife.
Now so, we have suffered,
so let me entrust good faith.
In a good faith,
in so-called good faith,
good faith,
People don't just return.
They bunch away my head, telling me that I'm also human,
that my parents areЛ
toRIA be a bad thing
and think about me a lot.
Wonder how much more you'll give me?
I'll wait for all those yet to come.
Hurriedly death
The
Amülance
Bitter
Tell no one
Whatever I do alone
I'm breaking their hearts
How about you?
I'm sick with place historic
Please tell me
If it as the bill
The
Your
Uh
Where are you?
My eyes are corners of tears
I love you
The End